add rbac rules for operator (#70)
LamaAni/KubernetesJobOperator: README.md

Note the value of the xcom must be in json format (for the default parser).

# Kubernetes RBAC rules

> Service account for the execution this operator uses rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the [Kubernetes service account](https://jamesdefabia.github.io/docs/user-guide/service-accounts/) [RBAC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) rules required for executing jobs via the operator.
```

```
rules:

>   # for get logs from job to airflow logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Required when reading logs for the executed job.
```

  - verbs:
      - get
      - watch
      - list
    apiGroups:
      - ''
    resources:
      - pods/log
      - pods

>   # for execute the job

Reviewer: This should be first in the list?
```suggestion
  # Required for executing the job
```

  - verbs:
      - create
      - get
      - delete
      - watch
      - list
      - patch
      - update
    apiGroups:
      - batch
    resources:
      - jobs

>   # for use configmaps in the job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Required for using configmaps in the job
```

  - verbs:
      - create
      - get
      - delete
      - watch
      - list
      - patch
      - update
    apiGroups:
      - ''
    resources:
      - configmaps

>   # for use secrets in the job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Required if reading secrets in the job.
```
